Added preact-prepass-render to @astrojs/preact (#7569)
withastro/astro: .changeset/big-pets-explode.md

---
'@astrojs/preact': patch
---

> Added preact-ssr-prepass library to preact integraiont

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suspense on the server with Preact

Adds `preact-ssr-prepass` library to the official Preact integration.
```
If we're looking more closely at changesets that might become part of the automated blog post, we could do something like this for a header. If not, just use the corrections to the second sentence!  :smile:
